#CloudFileHandler

The feature allows the server to serve files store on AWS S3

##Requirement: 
Python 2.X
```
pip install boto3
```
*After installing boto3, first make sure the bucket in use allows access by configuring the 
bucket policy. 
*Then you need to configure the accesskeys in the environment for the S3
bucket: https://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/quickstart.html#installation

##Basic Idea:
There is a CloudFileHandler that extracts the filename from the request uri, use a system call to
run a Python script to download the file from the S3 bucket specified in the config file, return 
the content in HttpResponse and delete the temporary downloaded file. 

##Specify the CloudFileHandler in the config File:
```
path /cloud CloudFileHandler {
	bucket	your_bucket;
}
```
where /cloud is the prefix, your_bucket is our S3 bucket.

##Getting files from the cloud:
*If the request uri is /cloud/test.txt, the CloudFileHandler will pass test.txt to s3_get_file.py
*If found, the script downloads the file and the handler returns the content in HttpResPonse
*If not found, it returns an error code and the handler returns 404
The temporary downloads will be deleted after the response

##Concurrency:
The files downloaded from the cloud need to have different names or otherwise there will be issues.
The names are generated by GenerateName method. For now the CloudFileHandler class has a static counter 
that is guarded by a mutex. The counter is set to 0 when the class is initiated and incremented each time
GenerateName is called

##Future direction:
*1. Instead of using system calls to execute Pyhton scripts, embed the Python interpreter.
*2. May use pipes for the file transfers.

